docs(api): improve section on nvim_set_hl (#17692)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/api.txt

                Set a highlight group.

                Parameters: ~

>                     {ns_id}  Number of namespace for this highlight. Use value
>                              0 to set a highlight group in the global (
>                              `:highlight` ) namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    {ns_id}  Namespace id for this highlight |nvim_create_namespace()|. 
                             Use 0 to set a highlight group globally |:highlight|.
```

                    {name}   Highlight group name, e.g. "ErrorMsg"

>                     {val}    Highlight definition map, like |synIDattr|. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    {val}    Highlight definition map, like |synIDattr()|. In
```

                             addition, the following keys are recognized:

>                              • default: Don't override existing definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                             • default: Don't override existing definition |:hi-default|
```

>                              • ctermfg: Sets foreground of cterm color
>                              • ctermbg: Sets background of cterm color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                             • ctermfg: Sets foreground of cterm color |highlight-ctermfg|
                             • ctermbg: Sets background of cterm color |highlight-ctermbg|
```
